Twt sleep status fix (#11488)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/developing/powersave.rst

As the device sleeps longer and does not wake up to receive DTIM beacons, it misses all multicast or broadcast frames.
The TWT session is expected to be set up by the application after the network level negotiation, after which it is not expected to receive any multicast or broadcast frames.

> Additionally, by using the NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE, the application layer can be configured to subscribe to the TWT events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, by using the ``NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE``, the application layer can be configured to subscribe to the TWT events
```

> Additionally, by using the ``NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE``, the application layer can be configured to subscribe to the TWT events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, by using the ``NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE``, the application layer can subscribe to TWT events
```

> so that the application knows if it is the service period, and the time to send or receive data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to be notified of beginning and end of service period, so as to be able to send or receive data.
```

     - wifi twt teardown_all
     - Tear down all sessions
     - TWT operation TWT teardown all flows

>    * - net_mgmt(NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE)

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be net_mgmt_event_notify_with_info(NET_EVENT_WIFI_TWT_SLEEP_STATE) ?

>      -

Reviewer 2: Put a N/A here. Also maybe change the name of the column to `Wi-Fi shell command` ?

Reviewer: If so, please fill in the **Command** column:
![image](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/assets/51916561/f9c367d3-ab6c-4996-a29a-bb2e5d5b59ff)

with the text: wifi shell 
Unless, the word "command" is part of the command.

>      - Event,application need to register for retrieving TWT sleep state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Event application needed to register for retrieving TWT sleep state.
```

>      - Event application needed to register for retrieving TWT sleep state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Applications can register to this event to be notified about TWT sleep/wake events.
```

>      - Apllication will be notified with the event along with TWT sleep state info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Application will be notified with the event along with TWT sleep state information.
```

>      - Application will be notified with the event along with TWT sleep state information.

Reviewer 2: This statement can be removed if we make the above change.
